{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red253\green139\blue9;\red0\green0\blue0;\red251\green0\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c61456\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c7248\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16860\viewh27180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 1.Background of site-specific N managment.\
\cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf2 2. \cf0  \cf2 Difficulty of site-specific N management\cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf2 3. Recent effort to do site-specific input management \cf3 \
In the literature of precision agriculture, traditional regression analysis has been used to identifying yield response function to N for a long time. However, the ability of the traditional econometric analysis to \cf0 capture the complex biological process between crop yield and inputs is ristricted. Because it requires practitioners to determine functional form and variables to be included in the model. \cf3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Furthermore, estimating the heterogeneous impact of inputs on crop yield can be restricted in the current econometric approaches. \
\
In that light, machine learning methods have some advantage over traditional econometric analysis.  \
- First of all, ML methods has great strength in selecting functional forms flexibiltity  in a data-driven way. \
\
This feature would be especially helepful for identifying yield response function. As I mentioned before, crop growth can be a highly complex phenomena where numerous factors act interacitvely in a non-linear mannaer. Even thought we do have enough prior knowledge about how they are interacted each other, ML algorithm can automatically generalize the relationship between crop yield and soil characteristics out of many alternative models. \cf3 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4. ML methods for estimating optimal N rate\cf3 \
The algorithm of ML methods is optimized for achiving high prediction accuracy. The related past literature studying has attempted to utilize this high prediction power of ML methods for estimating economic optimal nitrogen rate. \
\
\
\
\cf2 5. causal inference with ML method\cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf2 6. Prediction VS causal inference\cf3 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - Due to the emergence of ML methods with high predictive power owing to the recent development of ML algorithms, the distinction between pure prediction and causal inference has been increasing its importance. \cf3 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
On the other hand, in the case when we want to estimate casual effect on an input on yield, it\'92s more complecated than yield prediction. The fundamental difference is that such \'93change\'94 in yields cannot be observed in reality. Also, sampling uncertainty should be considered. Hence, uncertrainty in estimating causal effect is inevitable. Becasue of this, more statistical properties are required in causal effect estimation. \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7. Objective of the study\cf3 \
Based on that standpoint, CF seems to be an \cf0 appealing tool for identifying the heterogeneous impacts of an input\cf3  because the algorithm of CF is optimized specifically for that porpose.\
\
\
\
\
Field setup \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
True site-specific optimal N rate\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Observed yield calculation\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\cf4 Modeling Assumptions\cf3 \
To make the crop production system more realistically, here, we\'92re going to tweak the relationship among the parameters of the yeild function. Specifically, we asuume that beta and the random error term u are associated to some extent. In the real corp production system, the \
\
\
\
\
As we can see, the true yield response function consists of three parameters and N rate, and we\'92re going to \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}